top boards that go right now but like
I'm I wouldn't be surprised if we're in
the finals well I'm hearing at the echo
the Fox roster day joined right now by
all tech and Adrian the new botlane duo
for echo fox now I should say you know I
was gonna save this for later but
especially you know I've heard rumors in
the past people have said things and
especially Adrienne people say that
you're a bit of a diva and before this
interview you kind of insisted on
sitting down and then you got all tech
to get it on - while I interview you you
wanted a chair is this evidence that
you're a diva yeah I'm pretty much a
diva yeah like I like to do things my
way so yeah okay pretty diva is that an
issue gonna be an issue in the bot lane
no it won't be why not I mean if he
wants to do his things you'll just
follow whatever he wants
well I mean we just we just do us you
know okay that's what we do are you guys
trying to be the next venomoth II
because I've noticed this like little
thing that you guys have going on like
the duo thing what do you mean next
anything I mean because people sit like
they followed each other around and
they're trying or like reignover and who
knee like those guys try to team up as
much as they can
I've noticed that this is what's
happening here yeah I think we're
definitely really good friends like I
think yeah usually want to have someone
to play with because like every year
changing in the baleen is really bad so
just playing together with someone is
really good you don't the rebuild your
synergy yeah so did you
I'll take maybe you can talk to me about
this for the two of you how did the
offseason go did you know that you
wanted to be on a team together did you
try to find one together was it just
kind of fortuitous like how did this all
happen well first of all we were both
free agents at the end of my last play
or whatever right and we both want to
play each other and we looked for teams
together you know obviously if like some
team offered us both different offers
that were like insanely I guess like you
know like high money or salary wise then
obviously you know then we'd have to
part ways but other than that
you know we found our home here at
clocks so why echo fox atrium
I actually like the reason I chose that
cup box is because like the organization
like Rick Fox Jared Jeffress like I feel
like they really put in effort in like
when I talk to other organizations in
this offseason I feel like they didn't
really care about me like and when I
talked to them here at a fox I felt like
I was part of their family
yeah well let's dive in because I feel
like echo fox is definitely one of the
most talked about rosters you have a lot
of big personalities on this team are
you worried at all because you've got a
lot of guys that have had controversial
past or at least people say are kind of
crazy to work with honestly I'm not
really worried I think that you know
going to you know there's only like four
more days and tell us LCS and going to
those days I think we'll just prove our
going around house house trims been
going is everything super chill ORS you
know cuz different different teams have
different energies like I've seen teams
that are completely quiet I've seen
teams that are yelling and laughing and
having a good time so what what's the
atmosphere like in scrims yeah we're
definitely having a good time because
like who knew really brings the
atmosphere up on the team and like I
play with hooni a lot before so I'm
really good at communicating with Tom
and playing it dar talk phoenixon
Alltech yeah everyone's like pretty nice
and easy going
yeah we're not trying to kill each other
yet and like talk each other out you
said yet I notice it were trying to kill
each other yet to use is there any
chance that we'll get to that at all the
split honestly I don't really think so
like it's not as bad as people say
because like yeah we would like had bad
criticism about us but I don't think
it's like that bad as people say it is
yeah well I was talking to our talked a
little bit before this and one of the
things that we were talking about was
this sort of general assessment that
either echo fox will burn everything
around them or they'll burn each other
out or whatever so you know kind of
based off that how well do you think I
can Fox is expected to do or how well do
you expect to do let's just say in the
spring split you know let's not even
talk about worlds or anything
I definitely think we'll make playoffs
and like
top boards that go right now but like
I'm I wouldn't be surprised if we're in
the finals because I think we're really
good right now who else do you expect to
see in the finals with you if you make
it honestly I don't really know because
you know like it no one knows how
strongly team is I guess so
once we you know after week one and week
two well there should be like you know
the strongest teams and then the weakest
teams and the military teams but I'd
only don't see us in the bottom tier
teams I feel like we can make the
playoffs for sure do you buy into the
TSM TL narrative uh I mean I think
they're both really really strong but
you know it all that matters is how you
wall you play on stage now
I kind of curious for you guys because
there are so many of these new teams or
new rosters and we've seen so much to
turn over there are I think a lot of
people questions about some of these
other teams and so I'm curious you know
do you guys have like a dark horse you
know everybody says CLG cloud9 TS m TL
those guys are gonna be great but if you
had to expect one like let's say one of
all the other teams are gonna make it
into top three or top four who would you
guys both pick again yeah okay everybody
always wants to list of them okay so
we've got clutch hundred thieves optic
golden Guardians fly quest and you guys
I think are sort of the six teams that
people are are question marking so if
not us I think it's probably like 100
thieves because I think they're all
really good players like someday meteos
for you Cody and a premier I guess is
just hopefully they can mesh well
together because I think they probably
have like all different personalities
all veterans so it might be hard at
first but like I think they all have the
talent to be really good what do you
think altered um I would say optic I
think that you know they're they're they
can draft really well because they
obviously I have one men and it I guess
people are just not gonna like maybe
respect them enough because you know
they don't think highly of the roster
but I think they can do really well do
you agree with that yeah I definitely
think optic has a good chance because I
think arrow and pyrovile are really good
and I feel like they can really carry
their games it's kind of hard to say
right it feels like a lot of stuff can
happen with these different teams what
do you guys think about golden Guardians
because I think a lot of people
see you're already laughing a lot of
people are doubting those guys would you
say that they're the obvious 10th place
team I wouldn't say that they're obvious
10th place team but like I feel like
they didn't really try this offseason
and like the way they put the roster
together I feel like I was pretty troll
what they did but I think you can't say
they're 10th place because they there's
still good players all the more
professional place for a reason so I
think local kid maybe put them 8 their
ninth place yeah it's local the secret
sauce he's he's what's gonna get them to
a 39th out of the tens place yeah he's a
secret sauce to get them ten through
probably is there anything that either
you guys would say when we'll go one by
one to any of the echo fox fans out
there any other of your personal fans
anybody watching this interview aid or
anyone start us off yeah thank you for
all my fans been supporting me
throughout the years like I know I've
had a rough last year like after p1
teamliquid like but I'm glad that I came
back and you guys still supported me
when I was done doing the toss
hopefully this year years all support
men echo fox and i can show you guys
some good games how about you all talk
oh yeah just thanks everyone for the
support you know I can Fox our new home
and hopefully you guys can still support
us me and Adrian you know we played
together last split on Digg and we know
we showed everyone that you know we're
really good so hopefully we can do the
same the split and yeah just be excited
for our games thanks so much guys for
the interview looking forward to seeing
you guys burst on of the rift this
weekend everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
sports right here on my youtube channel
Travis gaffer dot-com slash support
saved me